Four Seasons Hotel that night
Is the woman in my bed you?
Qinghai, do you believe me that it was me that night?
Do you think I would believe you?
Ah, I really didn't lie to you.
This child is sweet
Warm he is jealous that I am with you
Then find someone to insult me
I'm too scared to tell you.
I'm just afraid that you will dislike me
Be with warmth
Just swallow me in my hands
Warm is never possible
Tell the truth
You know it all
Xixi
Don't blame mom
Mom is sorry for you
You do
Not my own daughter
Is my beautiful heart confused?
that year
I watched Mengard stay by Ouhe's side
He took meticulous care of Ouhe
Watching Ou He enter the high castle to give birth
I am jealous
I feel bad.
So I So you interchange me and wood terms
How can my head belong to my life?
Xixi, don't blame your mother.
Don't blame me.
My fault.
It has nothing to do with the leaves.
You're still only thinking about wood terms
When I was growing up, I was bullied by wooden terms
You never ask right or wrong
Forced me to apologize to him
No matter what he does to you
You will try your best to make delicious food
Leave the fun to him
I'll ask you today
Have you ever regarded me as your daughter?
treat
you
Soft daughter
OK
Start today.
You and my mother-daughter fate
So far.
You have nothing to do with me anymore
Xixi
Sisi hahaha Sisi